What?!
But I am working on
other resources as we speak.
[Fatima] Previously on Sistas.
[Robin] Okay, I lied.
I can help you.
-Sabrina?
-[Robin] Yes.
And I'm sorry, again.
Just help my friend.
I just do not want you
on my team.
Come on, man.
Well, I certainly don't want
you on my team.
[Preston] Help me know how
to love you.
How to say the right things
that Danni wants to hear.
You do what I say.
Yeah.
"Yeah?"
That's all you have to say?
Robin.
Andi, I called you.
Yeah.
And I didn't answer.
I know.
So I thought I would just come
over here...
When I got here,
he was down in the lobby.
So I decided to invite him up.
You decided to invite him up
to my place?
Yeah, well, he said it was
important.
And you thought it was
a good idea to just come up?
It is important.
Well, it's gotta be important
for him to be up here this late.
This couldn't wait until
the office tomorrow?
Business hours?
-I'm sure it can.
-[Andi] Yeah.
It's about the business
we discussed.
[Gary] And what business
is that?
Um...
Gary...
What?
Man comes over here this late
saying he has business with you,
and I can't find out what
it's about?
It's actually really private.
Okay, then talk.
Could you wait in the bedroom?
Please?
You, you want me to leave?
Just...
[sighing]
[Andi] For me.
Please.
Okay.
[Andi] It'll only take a minute.
[Robin] I tried to call you.
[Andi] Robin?
I don't have time for
your bullshit tonight.
-Okay?
-All right, listen.
I can get her out
in the morning,
but I need a decision.
Okay?
A decision on what?
On bail.
I can get the judge to
grant bail,
but it's gonna be expensive.
Okay, how much is expensive?
That's nothing.
Listen, I'm not sure,
but the prosecutor said
that it could be
three million in cash.
-What?!
-[Robin] Yeah.
-By the way, that prosecutor...
-Is an asshole!
Three million?!
That's unheard of!
Right, so before
I made it happen,
I needed to know.
Do you have that?
♪ My girls hold me down ♪
♪ When them boys mess around ♪
♪ My love life is a headache ♪
♪ We goin' out tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm lookin' for love ♪
So do you have that much
money available?
Not all of it.
Can you get it?
Not by tomorrow morning.
Well, what do you want me to do?
I have to get her out of there.
I mean, I can try to get it
reduced, but...
[Andi] Please, please...
Andi, Andi, I cannot make
any promises.
Listen, I am...
I'm sorry for just barging into
your home like this.
No, this is important.
This is important.
Thank you.
Well, I'm sorry, again.
-I should leave.
-Robin!
If I...
Can't come up with the money...
Could I borrow it?
From you?
Borrow it?
Could you think about it?
How much do you have?
Half?
I think.
Are you 100% sure
that she's innocent?
I'm 100% sure she would never do
something like this.
Okay, because this a lot of
money to put up if she runs.
She would never do
something like that.
She's one of the best people
I know, trust me.
Well, how would you pay me back?
[stammering]
When we go to court,
they refund bail, right?
-If she shows...
-I will get her to court.
-She will...
-Okay.
Listen.
[Andi] Please...
I will do it based on your word.
-Okay?
-Okay.
All right, I should leave.
Again, I am...
I'm very sorry for
the intrusion.
You did the right thing.
You think I did the right thing,
but I don't think he's gonna
think that.
No, he's not.
Thanks, Robin.
You're welcome.
You have a good night.
[elevator dinging]
Gary?
You can come out now.
-[Gary] Yeah...
-I know you were listening.
[Gary] You could be wrong.
Oh, am I?
[Gary] Yeah.
One second.
Come out here.
Gary...
I follow instructions well.
Very well.
Come here.
-Gary?
-[Gary] Hmm?
Are you sure you don't want to
talk about Robin?
Not at all.
Are you sure?
The man's a non-factor.
-Is that right?
-[Gary] Mm-hm.
So...
Let me get you outta this.
And you can kiss me.
I've been chasin' you
everywhere.
I like it when you chase me.
Come with me.
[Andi] What are you gonna do?
[giggling]
Good morning.
How'd you sleep?
Longer than you, 'cause I heard
you get up and go in there
and put on that makeup
and blow dry that hair.
Looks good, though.
Yeah, thank you.
I slept like
I always do with you.
Oh, yeah?
How's that?
Great.
Did you get some sleep?
-Don't knock the black pussy.
-Don't say that.
-That's my job.
-You can't...
Hey, you named the painting
that.
Listen, I...
Yeah, yeah.
I sleep good when I'm with
you, too.
Yeah, you see?
-Yes, I see.
-That's just another reason...
-To be with me.
-Hush.
It's so early.
Why don't you get out of bed
and put your robe on
like normal people?
What is, what is...
What is this?
Try to leave a mystery.
Really?
-Yeah.
-For who?
-I've seen it.
-I try to give you that...
You know?
You know, once you gave it...
Never mind.
Just, you don't have to do that.
Absence makes the heart
grow fonder.
What?
I gotta get ready for work.
Not tryin' to entice you
so early in the mornin'.
I know.
Okay, well...
You think you can stay here?
You want me to stay here?
Yeah.
It was nice having you here.
Then, yeah.
I can stay.
[Danni] Thank you.
You...
Wanna shower together?
I gotta...
I can't.
'Cause then
I'll never get to work.
Right?
So...
You shouldn't be the only one
knockin' the black pussy.
That's kinda the point.
I'll never get to work, Preston.
That's...
That's the whole reason
for all of this.
Well, you gonna pay the rent?
Didn't I do that before?
Yeah, well,
you gonna pay it again?
No, last time I paid
for three months...
-I was gone in two days.
-[Danni] I walked into that one.
Yeah, yeah.
You did, you did.
Wait, hold on.
You realize that was, like,
the first night...
Since we met that
we didn't have sex?
I mean, don't get me wrong.
It was good, it was.
But...
Different.
Yeah.
Yeah, I...
-I wanted to, but...
-Well, if you wanted to...
Why didn't you?
I just didn't feel like it.
We needed to talk.
Well, we did, but...
What happened in here?
I mean...
Look at this place.
I just did a little light
redecorating. You know?
I see.
Yeah, I...
I think I'm gonna go.
Yeah.
I think I should probably go.
You just...
No, you're not.
No, Danni, I'm leaving.
-I'm gonna go.
-No, you're not.
-I'm goin'.
-No.
Really?
No?
You just said you were stayin'.
Okay.
Fine.
I'll stay.
I gotta use the bathroom.
[shower running]
Good morning.
[Zac] 'Sup?
You're up early.
I got an appointment.
Oh...
I made it this morning.
About?
I ran into Hayden last night.
Where you see that -- at?
The basketball court.
Zac.
-[Zac] What?
-What did you do to him?
Me?
-Yes!
-[Zac] Girl, I'm not you!
Especially with him comin'
after me, I ain't doin' nothin'.
Well, I told you that.
Exactly, but I called Bryce.
-He said he knows somebody, so.
-[Fatima] Okay.
-I'm go meet this attorney.
-Well, that's good.
-Baby?
-Huh?
Do you really think
they gonna come after me,
like, this hard, like...?
Honey, that is a hard yes.
And you won't marry me
because of it?
Look, Zac, I know we're engaged.
But we never talked about
marriage.
Are we engaged?
Because...
You don't wear
your engagement ring to work.
That's because I don't want Andi
to know about it, yet.
Then when?
Babe, will you just trust me?
I do trust you.
Zac, I do want to marry you.
It's just that Andi doesn't need
to know yet.
Well, why?
Can you at least tell me why?
Well, Karen!
I knew this was gonna keep
comin' back.
You still pissed!
And you don't...
You don't feel certain, right?
Zac, no, that's not it.
So then, what is it?
All right, I'm going to
have to tell you this,
or you gonna create your own
story in your head.
Yes, you do know me.
You're about to marry me,
so you should know that.
Okay, continue.
Look, I...
I trust Andi, I do.
But baby, if she tells Karen...
She may get even more upset.
And really come after your ass.
So, let's just
wait 'til we get the results.
And then we can scream it from
the mountaintop, okay?
You sure that's what it is?
Yes, but until then...
I'm just gonna take
my ring off at work.
Fine.
Hey, where is my Zac and what
have you done with him?
What?
I'm right here.
No, where is my man with
all the confidence and swag?
-Like...
-I'm swagged out, look at me!
You see I got a belt buckle
on my shoulder,
I'm swaggy, right?
Yeah.
I just, I got all this bullshit
goin' on, it's like...
My mind is all over the place.
-I can't even lie.
-[Fatima] Zac...
I'm not leaving you, okay?
Not ever.
You promise?
Yes, and you're not
leaving me, either.
You stuck with me.
-I ain't tryin' to go nowhere.
-Okay.
All right.
That was good.
Mm-hm.
See?
One good meal deserves another.
Mm-hm.
Yeah, you can cook all right.
I know I can.
[Aaron] And you see?
See what?
You stayed home last night,
and the world didn't
come to an end.
You right.
But I am going to the salon.
-Karen, come on.
-[Karen] No, I am.
I'm gonna go meet the girls,
and from there,
we gonna go to the doctor.
Okay.
Plus I got to check on 'Brina.
[Aaron] Sabrina?
Long story.
Well, is there
anything I can do?
No.
It's okay.
[Aaron] All right.
Well, I'mma go in
the office for a couple hours.
And then let's come back
a little later.
Sounds good.
Okay.
You're not gonna stay there
all day, are you?
Why?
So you and Pam can tell my mama,
and she can drag me out?
And you know we will.
-I know you will.
-[Aaron] Oh, yeah.
-You're sick.
-[Aaron] Mm.
-Terrible.
-Or just loving.
Whatever, though.
Yeah, okay.
-[Aaron] Yeah.
-Later.
And I love you.
-I love you, too.
-Mm-hm.
[phone ringing]
Hey, girl.
[Karen] Hey.
What's up?
You heard anything about 'Brina?
Yes!
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I'm so sorry.
I was gonna call.
She gets out soon!
-[Karen] What?
-Yes.
Robin was able to move
some things around, so...
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Well, what time is that?
I think she gets out
at around 9:00.
Yeah.
I'ma head there now.
Well, should I go, too?
What time is
your doctor's appointment?
-Noon.
-[Andi] I'll tell you what.
I'll go pick up Danni...
And then we'll go get you
after we're done.
All right, well...
Pick me up at the salon.
You're goin' in?
I can't sit around here all day.
[Andi] Okay.
I'll see you soon.
Okay.
I hope Sabrina's with you.
Well, just be positive.
Okay?
I have hope that she's gonna
get out soon.
Okay, well,
I'll talk to you later.
[Gary] Andi!
Is that Gary?
I'm gonna talk to you later,
girl!
[Karen] Andi...
We gon' talk about this.
[Andi] Bye, girl!
See you later!
That was amazing.
Yeah.
Thanks for an amazing night.
Do you see how cool I was?
About?
Your boss.
Yeah.
What was that about?
Just realized he wasn't
a threat to me.
Mm, and how'd you realize that?
Do you love me?
You know I do.
Okay.
Then he's not a threat.
And you know, he may not be at
your company for much longer.
What does that mean?
Well, you know how
corporate things are
after a hostile takeover.
What does that mean?
It means I need to get
dressed...
'Cause it's going to be
a good, good day.
Okay, I'm gonna get ready
to go, too.
Yeah.
I have a lot of things to
take care of.
Can I come back tonight?
Gary...
Yeah, I'll, I'll see you then.
I will let you know
if you can come back.
Okay. I'll see you
later tonight.
After I let you know!
After you say yes.
-Okay?
-Okay.
You're just gonna let me walk
without giving me a kiss?
I was wondering!
You like when I leave lipstick
on you!
[Gary] I love you!
I love you, too.
Shit.
Ooh, child, she would kill me
if she knew this.
[Karen] Knew what?
Hey, sunshine.
Hey.
What, what happened?
Nothing.
[Karen] Pam.
Pam!
What?
I just cut that on.
Don't you be lyin' to me!
-I didn't, I just...
-[Karen] Okay!
You just, you just, you just...
Left it on.
I swear, I cut that off.
You see?
This is why I can't
trust you to do this, Pam.
I can't.
Are you aware that in
Proverbs...
Something.
It says to forgive and forget.
I don't care what
Proverbs says, okay?
This place could have burned
to the ground.
I know.
This is all I got, Pam!
Just this.
You need a vision board, girl.
-You know what?
-[Pam] Okay, I'm sorry.
Don't do that shit again.
I swear, I'm not tryin'
to stress you out.
Stop doin' it, please.
I'll send you a video of me
cutting everything off.
You should have sent a video
when I asked the first time.
My bad!
God, really.
Why do I put up with you?
Duh, 'cause you know
I got your back.
Oh.
By lettin' my place burn down?
Girl, ain't been nobody's fire
up in here.
Damn, Pam!
Ooh, you know you ain't supposed
to be gettin' that mad.
Well then, stop upsettin' me!
Well, why are you here, anyway?
Checkin' on you, thank God.
Oh, mm-mm.
Don't make me call your mama.
If you call her,
I'mma tell her you left
the curlers on.
-You wouldn't dare.
-Oh, I would.
Try me.
No, 'cause then we both gonna
get in trouble.
-Smart woman.
-Girl, why you really here?
I'm meetin' the girls.
Yes!
You need that.
Well, can I get you anything?
Actually, yes.
You can...
Do your job correctly.
-I got that.
-[Karen] Thank you.
-Just do it.
-All right, easy.
[door closing]
[phone ringing]
-Hey.
I just tried to call Andi.
Yeah, she's in the courtroom.
Oh, where you at?
I'm in the hallway.
They gonna give it to her?
[Danni] I don't know.
Shouldn't they know by now?
It's a courtroom...
It's a closed courtroom
preceding.
Only the lawyers are allowed.
Okay.
Well...
Just keep me posted, okay?
-[Danni] I will.
-All right, thank you.
We'll see you at 12.
Okay?
Okay.
Sounds good.
-Bye.
-[Danni] Bye.
What happened?
We got her bail.
-Thank God.
-[Andi] Yes.
-So...
-Okay.
So now that we got her bail,
we can take her home.
How long?
Robin's working on it,
but it shouldn't be too long
after that.
-Do we need to leave, or...?
-[Andi] No, no, no.
It should be quick.
So we can just wait.
Well...
You have some powerful friends.
I'm glad that you know that now.
I will get her.
And does it matter to you
that she's completely innocent?
Did it matter to you that
my wife was a bitch?
See, language like that is
exactly why we took
all of your money.
I love your arrogance.
What I don't love is that
you don't stick
to the matter at hand.
Sabrina was completely innocent,
and she has nothing to do
with your divorce.
Yeah, I hear you.
Well, thank you.
I have nothing else to say.
Okay.
-He's a asshole!
-Asshole!
-[Andi] Exactly.
-The, the, the...
This gave me husband, not wife.
Okay, she's still being
processed, so.
Let's, let's just wait here.
-I'm so relieved.
-Yeah, we all are.
You know what? I gotta call
Karen. I didn't tell her.
-She wanted me to tell her.
-Oh, no, no, no!
Let's surprise her.
We'll just show up with her.
-That's good.
-But I do have to thank Robin.
Yeah, you do.
Not like that.
Danni!
Sorry, I'm just so nervous.
Oh my gosh.
-Danni?
-Hm?
Can I ask you something
while we wait?
-Ah, shit.
-It's just...
-Okay, okay.
-Thank you.
If you knew someone was
trying to do something,
and you could help
them avoid a mess...
But you received that
information from
another person
very close to you...
What would you do?
Would you tell them?
That's complicated, 'cause
I didn't understand
a word you just said.
Oh, I was trying to be discreet,
and maybe that didn't...
What did Gary do?
That's what it sounds like.
How'd you know?
Just tell me what the boy did.
Unfortunately, I can't say
what it is.
Okay, since only you know
what you're talkin' about,
just do what you already know
you need to do.
Okay, yeah.
You're right.
So go with your gut?
That...
That sounds appropriate.
Go with your gut.
Okay.
-[Danni] You got it?
-Yeah, I got it.
All right, you don't seem sure.
I will be.
-What the hell?!
-Hi.
Why am I here?
You know why you're here.
I do not know why I'm here,
that's why I'm asking you.
Okay...
[Maurice] Why would you rob
a bank?
[Que] Because you and Sabrina
made me do it.
[Maurice] Oh, yeah, sure.
I was the mastermind behind
your dumbass friends
robbin' the bank.
That dirty mother--.
Well, that is your voice.
Yes, but it's clearly a joke.
Anybody can hear that.
That's not what
the jury will think.
Listen, that man is a liar
and a hustler.
And we have you, dead to rights.
I need my lawyer.
Do you have a lawyer?
I will find one.
But, do you have one?
I said I will call one.
And I won't continue to talk to
you until I have.
Okay.
Then I will do the talking.
-Okay, but...
-Oh.
You're talking,
and you want to be quiet.
Here's the deal!
I know you didn't do it.
Well, then why the --
am I here?
Sabrina Hollins did it.
-No, she didn't.
-[John] Yes, she did.
What?
She is who I want.
-Why?
-She needs to be in jail.
What the hell are
you talking about?
You know what a deal is?
Yeah.
You testify against her,
and we will let you walk.
What?
[John] That's all
you have to do.
Well, I won't be doing that,
so next deal!
Come on, Maurice.
Do you want to be in here
for 30 years?
I won't be in here
for any years,
because I am innocent.
Says a lot of men.
Look, I didn't do anything.
Sabrina did not do anything.
Que is the one you need
to be talking to, call him!
We have.
And he gave you up.
If you give her up as
the manager and
mastermind of it all,
you will get
a slap on the wrist.
Sir, I will never do that.
Okay, then this will be
a long stay for you.
You can't do this.
Oh, I can and I have.
You mother--.
[John] That language will
make it worse.
I am never givin'
my girlfriend up.
Do you hear me?
Okay, well...
Enjoy your stay.
[footsteps]
Girl, I mean, we're going to
need to call Karen.
Oh, oh my goodness.
It's almost 11 o'clock.
I don't think we'll make it.
Okay, no, I'll call her.
Okay...
-[Karen] Hey.
-Hey, Karen.
[Andi] Sabrina's getting out!
What?
When?
[Andi] Now.
Oh my God, that's amazin'!
Thank God!
We are waiting on her right now.
Okay, well...
Maybe I should just go to
the doctor, then.
Can you possibly move
your appointment?
I really should make it.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
We're going to hurry up, though.
As soon as we get word.
[Karen] Okay.
Okay, don't get the results
without us.
Okay, I will,
but try to hurry up.
Okay, we will.
Oh, Sabrina's coming out!
What?
You see her, she's there?
-[Andi] She is, yes.
-[Karen] Oh my God.
-Well, I wanna talk to her!
-Hold on, hold on.
[Sabrina] Hi, ladies.
Oh, Karen wants to talk to you.
Come here, come here.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey, 'Brina!
How are you?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I just...
I need to shower.
Okay, well, I wanna see you.
Yeah, just give me a little bit
to get myself together, okay?
Of course, yeah.
I'll stop by as soon as I'm done
with the doctor's.
[Sabrina] Okay,
that sounds good.
Okay. Hey, love you.
I know.
I love you, too.
[Karen] Okay.
Talk to you soon.
Okay.
Okay Karen,
we'll see you in a minute.
-Bye, girl.
-[Karen] All right.
Are you okay?
Andi, thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Of course!
Of course, of course.
I had to help!
So, what does this of all mean?
Okay, so, you have bail.
And you just let me work
everything else out, okay?
I don't know, Andi.
No, we're gonna work it out.
That prosecutor...
Listen, don't worry about him.
I have his ass, okay?
-She do.
-I do.
-Okay, okay.
-[Andi] Okay, all right.
-It's fine, we...
-We wanted to go see Karen.
Do you wanna...?
I just, let me take
a shower, first.
Mm-hm, mm-hm, mm-hm, okay.
Well then, we will get you home.
Thank you.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
[Andi] Let's go, let's go,
let's go.
Okay.
Yes?
Hey.
Are you Lori?
Yes, I am.
-I'm Zac.
-[Lori] Yes.
-I called this morning.
-Mm-hm.
Have a seat.
It's a nice office.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
So, thank you for taking me
on short notice.
Well, Bryce is a good friend.
Good 'ole Bryce.
So, how can I help you?
You mentioned child support?
Yes.
Okay.
Fill me in.
My ex from three years ago...
Could possibly be havin' my kid.
I don't know, so I gotta find
out what that looks like, and...
I just found out I have
a three year old son
from a one-night stand...
And she's suin' me.
What do you mean, your ex?
It's a complicated situation.
But the kid may or may not
be mine.
And I'm tryin' to see what them
child support payments
are gonna be like if it is.
Okay, so I looked at what
you sent over,
she can actually get you for
quite a bit.
You want the truth?
Yup.
With your income and what you've
shown me with the house,
both of these women are capable
of requesting
50% of everything.
Wait, what?
Yes.
Each?
50 each?
-Yeah.
-[Zac] That, that's a whole.
The math ain't mathin'.
What, what do I get?
Like, they can just do that?
I have seen it happen before.
Even if we wasn't married?
Well, it's called child
support, so...
You gotta be kidding me!
Okay...
What do I do?
Are you friendly with
either of them?
-No.
-[Lori] No.
Well, I was going to
suggest that
you become friendly with them.
Maybe you can make them an offer
so they can't come at you
in a lawsuit?
How friendly?
'Cause bein' friendly is how
I got into this situation.
Know what I'm sayin'?
Something that will avoid
all these costs.
One already started the process.
I'm sorry.
The other, I don't even know if
the baby's mine.
It's hot in here.
You ain't hot?
Whew, I'm hot.
Okay, look.
If they get counsel,
I can talk to them.
We'll see what happens.
I'm here if you need me.
Are you expensive?
Bryce didn't tell you?
No.
I am expensive.
[Zac] Oh, boy.
But for you...
We can work something out.
Thank you so much.
Mm-hm, sure.
Call me if you need anything.
You have my number.
Yes, I will.
I will.
Thank you so much, Lori.
-You ain't hot?
-[Lori] No, I'm not.
-It's the money.
-You want some water?
No, I just need some more money.
And condoms.
Take care.
You have a good day.
Right.
[Andi] Do you want some water?
Do you want anything?
-I'm okay.
-Are you sure?
Yeah, I just...
[keys clattering]
I just need to take a shower.
-Okay.
-Just relax.
Okay.
Well, we told Karen we would
hurry up.
Okay, you guys can go.
Well, we'll be back after
her appointment, okay?
-Okay.
-[Andi] Okay.
Okay.
We'll be back.
Stay free, baby.
-Danni!
-That was too soon.
-It was way too soon.
-It's fine.
But let me tell you somethin'.
Don't let them take your mind.
-They can put you in jail...
-Sabrina, you rest.
-But they can't take your mind.
-[Andi] You rest.
We're gonna leave.
We're gonna get out of here.
Get your ass outta here.
All right, Sabrina!
[door closing]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Oh, thank God.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I just got out on bail.
Oh, I can't stand that --!
-Who?
-[Calvin] Que.
He's the one who did
this shit to you.
I know.
And he won't leave
the apartment.
Wait, what?
Yeah, he's here now.
-Are you serious?
-[Calvin] Yes.
I'm on my way.
No, no, no, no.
I'm comin' to you.
I said I'm on my way.
Damn it.
All right.
I'm gonna take a shower, first.
--.
Where y'all at?
I'm in the exam room.
Hello.
Hi.
This is pretty high.
You're not gonna sit down?
No, I've been sittin' in that
seat far too long. I'm good.
[Danni] I'll sit.
Doctor come in yet?
Yeah, she did.
[Danni] What'd she say?
Well, I told her to wait for
y'all to get here.
Okay, well...
How are you feeling?
Nervous.
I can understand that.
Yeah, I would be too,
if I didn't know.
Danni.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
How's 'Brina?
We just dropped her off.
Yeah, she's pretty shook up.
I bet she is.
[Danni] She'll be alright.
I hope so.
She will.
Do you think she's gonna
go back to jail?
I'm gonna try my hardest to make
sure that doesn't happen.
-I know you will.
-[Danni] By sleepin' with...
The light-skinned lawyer.
-Danni.
-[Karen] Okay.
-Stop it.
-Just tryin' to make you laugh.
Okay, we're done laughing.
This is not a laughing matter.
Hello.
-[Karen] Hi.
-Hi.
[Karen] Thank you for waitin'
for my friends.
Sure, it's no problem.
So...
Tell us.
-Okay, you ready?
-Yes.
Well, after looking at
your ultrasound,
and according to what you told
me about your period,
it's not exact science,
but we can get pretty close.
It looks like the baby was
conceived on the 12th.
Are you sure?
Yes.
So...
Not the 19th?
No, no.
And as mentioned earlier,
that...
It's not 100%,
but I am pretty certain.
Okay.
So now, are you keeping
your bedrest?
-I am, yeah.
-[Doctor] Good, okay.
Well, your vitals
and of your tests,
they look really great.
So I don't want you to
overdo it,
but you can ease back into
your life now, okay?
Oh, great!
That's, that's great.
[Doctor] Okay.
All right, ladies.
You all take care.
-[Andi] Thank you.
-All right, no problem.
[Andi] Karen?
Yeah?
So?
Who were you with on the 12th?
Zac or Aaron?
Wow.
Karen...
What the hell are
you lookin' at?
You disgust me.
Shut up bitch!
You know I turn you on.
You're disgusting.
Mm-hm.
Your mama, too.
[knocking on door]
[Sabrina] Where is he?
[Que] Hey, Sabrina.
What the hell are
you doing here?
The hell you mean?
I know it was you.
I know you did that.
Why would you lie on me
to the police?
What did I do?
What did you do?!
Are you playing stupid now?!
I ain't say shit.
I'm not playin' with you.
My good friend is in jail
because of you.
Well...
At least he's getting
free meals and a bed.
And you know, he love
men too, so...
You know that -- grateful.
-You are a loser.
-Yeah, I know. Thank you.
What is he doing here, Calvin?
[Calvin] He won't leave.
[Sabrina] Why?!
I tried to put him out,
but he keeps picking the locks.
And I can't go to the landlord,
because neither one of our names
are on the lease.
-[Sabrina] What?!
-[Calvin] What?
Shit, if I leave him here,
he's going to steal everything.
He already sold half of
my father's golf clubs.
This shit good.
You need to get the hell
outta here.
[Que] I ain't goin' nowhere.
You need to get the -- out!
Calvin, you better get
this bitch.
You watch your -- mouth.
I got your bitch!
Oh, shit!
[screaming]
[Sabrina] Calvin,
you're gonna kill him, stop!
I don't want you to go to jail.
[Danni] Next on Sistas.
I am shocked that
they would do this
but it's clear they're
trying to force me out.
He's got me in a chess move
and he knows it.
-Unless...
-What?
Zac, you have officially
been served.
I need the baddest,
gold-diggin' bitch you can find.
Have her come by the office
and ask for Hayden.
All you have to do
is sign this paperwork
and you'll be out of here
in an hour.
Go ahead and sign.
[music]